  Note: This is in reverse chronological order, so newer entries are added to the top.

## Skynet 0.3

######2016. 11. 14
Role
* Rollify gem has been applied, which includes creating, requesting, applying, and removing roles.
* accounts/management_controller shows aquired roles. 

Device & DeviceLicense
* Device class manages collected devices information, and Accounts with related DeviceLicense can only access measurement data.
* accounts/management_controller shows aquired device_licenses.
* Device could be registered automatically after related measurement data has been registered.

Notification
* Bootstrap css has been applied to HTML email.
* Notification structure has been totally renewal. Follow is clearly devided two types, :responses and :notices. :responses means to require replying by additional system like email (or SMS). :notices means only noticable message.
* double updates on controllers was moved to model framework. before_save and after_save callback enable double updates.
* error message will be sent by exceptions (not complete yet), which needs more update to work perfectly.

######2016. 11. 11
* User and Specification MVC and relatives were removed. Account replaces User totally, which is based on Devise gem.
* account_validations and sessions controllers were removed.

######2016. 9. 4

* Skynet 0.3 is branched.
* Repository is transfered to BitBucket.
* SourceTree security token is generated in BitBucket.

## Skynet 0.2

######2016. 9. 1
System
* Devise gem has been applied in whole system.
* Devise_invitable gem gem has been applied, which subscription is allowed only forinvited user.
* Authorize and rollify gem has been applied in whole system.
* Lecacy codes are kept with deprecated tag to prevent unrecognized error occurring.

Buddi
* location information is set as Address, which is used to search Geolocation.

geocoder
* IP geolocation is received to call Maxmind(https://www.maxmind.com), which requires a fee by call.
* Geolocation information will be kept for 30 days in cache.


######2016. 8. 1
Google Map (app/assets/javascripts/google_maps.coffee, app/views/google_maps/index.html.erb):
* Grid size is increased (30 -> 50).
* Turbolinks should be disabled for full page refresh, which enables to show Google map (as expected?).

Buddi (app/models/buddi.rb):
* Default value of instance 'decision' is 'Influenza'.

###### 2016. 7. 25
Application (app/views/layouts/application.html.erb):
* A bug of not refreshing would be removed by adding '''<%= yield :scripts %>'''

Google Map (app/assets/javascripts/google_maps.coffee, app/assets/stylesheets/google_maps.scss, app/controllers/google_maps_controller.rb, app/views/google_maps/_assaylist.html.erb, app/views/google_maps/index.html.erb):
* 'bootstrap-slider-rails' is applied to show time slider (8 steps: D, W, M, Q, H, Y, 2, and whole). Current time scale is able to request huge amount of jobs to generate charts. In future, authorized account should be accessible.
* Marker selection rule is update to apply assay, equipment and measurement time.
* Assays and equipment selection forms are added.

Diagnosis (app/controllers/diagnoses_controller.rb, app/models/concerns/equipment_utils.rb):
* diagnosis_tag instance is generated by tag instance of each equipment

AssayKit (app/controllers/assay_kits_controller.rb, app/views/assay_kits/_form.html.erb):
* Target instance is added, which represents assay's target (target disease for example).

Frend (app/controllers/frends.rb):
* Assay kit should be found by equipment and kit name together

###### 2016. 7. 13
EzerReader:
* EzerReader's user_comment is worked as Diagnosis decision. There are four types of decision, 'Positive'(/^[pP]/), 'Negative'(/^[nN]/), 'Suspended'(/^[sS]/), and 'Invalid'(others).

DB:
* New instance variable, 'decision', is added to Diagnosis to keep diagnosis decision measured by equipment or a health worker.

General (Gemfile):
* Gem e_markerclusterer is added to show infographic on the google map.

Google Map (app/assets/javascripts/google_maps.coffee, app/views/google_maps/index.html.erb):
* e_markerclusterer javascript is applied.
* legend setting is also applied to show legend box.
* marker data are located in '#map-data'.
